Think about the next year of your life what do you want the next year of your life to look like.

Begin by making a wish. Wipe away the tears and start taking action. 
Here are the steps I'm going to take:  

Number one 

Self-awareness is critical, so recognising that you feel lost or disconnected or suspended between your old life and your new life, overwhelmed. Whatever you feel it's so important to name it, because when you name it you bring it out of the feeling in your body and out into the world. And then you can do things to tame that feeling.  

Number two 

The most important thing that you should do is move your body. Because all this negative emotion is trapped in your body right now and it's only through exercise and motion that you'll move it out of your body and you'll change your emotional state. So I am going to go put on an exercise tape and work up a sweat. Will that solve all my problems? No, but it will put me in a better emotional state so that I can think more clearly and more optimistically, and start to see solutions.  

Number three 

The best advice about happiness is happy people do things that make them happy. And so after you move your body and you change your emotional state, do one thing that makes you happy. 
And so after you become self-aware, and you move your body, which moves your emotions and you do something simple that makes you happy, and you dump all your thoughts on a piece of paper, remind yourself that this is temporary and force yourself to start dreaming again. Because when you give up on your dreams, you give up on yourself. 

Step one 

Make a wish, just ask yourself one powerful question: "what do I want the next year of my life to look like?" 

Step two 

No matter how you feel, start taking the actions that align with what you want in your life. Stop making the mistake of waiting to feel happy or motivated before you take action. The secret is it's taking action first, because if you can get moving, you can keep moving, and research shows that just a little boost in your mood impacts your productivity for the rest of the day. It impacts your focus, it gives you a little uptick in energy, taking actions that align with the bigger vision and the future you. Act like the person you want to become in the future, no matter how you feel in the present. Once I figure out what I want to do or the kind of person I want to become, I figure out someone else in the world that's doing it and I just reverse engineer it. And that's how you create a brick path that leads from where you are right now, to where that wish of yours wants to take you. And every morning, wake up, take one action in the lines with what you want or the person that you want to become, and you can consider that action it represents one brick. If you keep doing that day by day, Brick by Brick, action by action, you're going to look up a year from now and you'll realise "oh my God, I just paved a brick path leading to my dreams."  

Step number three. 

In making powerful change in your life, find the proof that you can do it. It's all around you, you just need to look for it, find anyone that has the life that you want, or that has made the change that you want to make. Any time you see someone who has already made the change you want to make in your life, tell yourself there's proof it exists. Use people as evidence that you can have what you wish for too if you're willing to work for it. See people as a light on the path to your future self.